# Fitness Program Management System

## Introduction

This is a system for users to have a glance with the *different kinds of fitness moves*.
It lets you enter information, and based on the information you entered,
it produces a list of introduction of moves, which includes 
the names, the functions, the pictures of basic fitness moves. Users can choose
ideal moves and suitable to form a fitness calendar. 

The target users are people who want to start **working out**, and **making
a schedule** for it. I am the beginners of fitness, and want to make it
systemic and scientific. Hence, I design this system.


## User Stories

- As a user, I want to be able to add new kinds of fitness moves
to my list of moves.
- As a user, I want to be able to see the names, functions, and the
pictures I added to the list.
- As a user, I want to be able to add the fitness moves to the time interval
I want in a calendar.
- As a user, I want to be able to see the calendar with graphical interface.
- As a user, I want to be able to record the time of fitness I take each time.
- As a user, I want to be able to see the statistics of how frequently
each move is played.
- As a user, I want to reload the movement list and the time schedule 
I stored last time
- As a user, I want to upload the changes I made in the movement list and the 
time schedule

### Instructions for Grader

- You can generate the first required action related to FitnessMovements (HourSchedule) to 
MovementList (TimeSchedule) by first clicking the menu of add Movement, then operating on the panel
- You can generate the second required action related to adding FitnessMovements (HourSchedule) to a MovementList 
(TimeSchedule) by operating on the panels generated by the "See" menu to see the details of 
FitnessMovements (HourSchedule)
- You can locate my visual component by clicking the item of comboBox to see the pictures of movements
- You can save the state of my application by clicking the "Save" Menu
- You can reload the state of my application by clicking the "Load" Menu

## Phase 4: Task 2
The two events I added logEvent are: 
1. add Movement to the MovementList
2. add HourSchedule to the TimeSchedule
   (other actions of this System is like view Xs of Y, which is implemented in the ui package)
- a representative events example:
- Thu Apr 13 19:31:21 PDT 2023 
   a new movement added
- Thu Apr 13 19:31:37 PDT 2023 a new HourSchedule added
- Thu Apr 13 19:31:46 PDT 2023 a new HourSchedule added
- Thu Apr 13 19:32:06 PDT 2023 a new movement added

## Phase 4: Task 3

The application can not handle the situation that when users add Movement, type not Integer
type content to the text field of the time of the movement. The PanelAddFitnessMovement should
throw out the exception when the input is in a wrong type to the fitnessSystem. The fitnessSystem
should tell users type again based on the exception. This prevents the application dies whenever
users types wrong inputs.

The page of adding can add hourSchedule whose movement doesn't exist in the movementList. But after adding
the hourSchedule, the movementList will not update the new movement. Since in PanelAddHourSchedule, movementList is 
passed as parameter. When the input of the name of the movement is not found in the movementList. PanelAddHourSchedule 
should throw out an exception to fitness System and tell the user to add a new movement with
that name. This prevents data in the movementList inconsistent with the TimeSchedule.